hello and welcome to shares
with head of boring and rational
to become rich in fashion
Today, it's about the question of what makes
actually money makes it rather happy
or that makes him unhappy because
always when it comes to money
individual questions and discussions of the
everyday then quickly form such a
old son has two fronts or one
front where people say yes
Money that does not make you happy at all
and all people have the money
are in principle completely disturbed
depressed and the faxes all that and
then pull behind control and stuff
It does not make you happy
and then the other side says
Well, of course, only those say that
Neider who have no money so well
Of course, making money happy and so
on and on
and that's why we are dedicated to today
just in the issue number 2 of
Psychology of money of this question
makes money actually happy
or not i can for my part
Both perspectives speak because I
have a very long time with very little
money and as a pretty amarok I lived
I'm here as a personal trainer
starting in berlin zehlendorf too
I have worked for over three years
Principle lived by the hand in the mouth
Maybe I had to
do you know that at lidl or aldi at that time?
these 39 cent noodle packs
always bought so where ever so
pack of spaghetti was then one
Pack of tomato paste and a pack like that
a disgusting parmesan cheese and it
I have some really weeks long
Yes, of course I lived too much
Proud to be kind to my parents
go there and somehow there for money
because of course I am looking for the
had decided on an independent way
and I did not want that then
arrive again in all their spells
because you see there you have it unfortunately
not done and so and then now
I am a fraction where it is quite good
I'm still not multi
millionaire but I am like that
financially free that I mean
livelihood and my holidays and
whatever more stop I like
can afford and that's why I know just
both sides a bit and so on
that's why my opinion is doing now
money happy or unhappy mine
opinion is not mine at all
opinion, money is something pretty
neutral and it reinforces what already
that could be a bit now
philosophically esoteric yes but me
wants to explain a few examples
money reinforces what is already there
if someone is absolutely not partout now
to deal with money
yes, because he somehow all the time
is overindebted all the money he is one
Immediately returns and unnecessary things
is constantly being financed somehow new
You do not need to buy cars or cars
somehow I heard of the other day
one of the remove transform the
for 400 500 euro the newest
Vacuum cleaner begrudge although they have no
has money and so if i have this people
give more money or if these people
have more money
yes and then it would be in my opinion
only aggravate the problems
The leaf money reinforces that already
there it is also brings in humans the
character more apparent
So money does not change the character
of a human
it only brings the character he has
better to see because you
See what he does with this money and what
he hires money in general so is
nothing good or bad money is
actually completely passive neutral I
Can with money either in a school
invest and always have a school
building a third world country and I can
but also with the same money a
investing and
bomb this school again
So what I do with the money that
is the ultimate crew at the whole
thing yes and that's the point I too
have a long time in the sports shop
worked the completely catastrophic
was managed
in my opinion anyway and there
it was always said yes soon come new ones
Investors and there we have more money
yes and that leads to if one
System is ill in the sense of that
not work if just too much
high costs are there if
if there is no real structure
Anyway from customer so if there is
There is no system at all here
More and more people survive in us
the proximity in the store street that is so
right on the subway without at all
somehow my art market analysis too
make or look there is ever
interest for yes and if you stop more
money comes in then you will
Generally the problems only continue and
further and further tighten
whereas if something is done well and
works well and is positive and
something works well in small and
then more money goes into it both
now at the company level as well
Personal level then money is something
positive in my opinion then makes
it also happier so if i am this
system can develop gradually and
that is one of the most important points
in my opinion, then with money
to be able to handle this is something like
playing the piano or playing football or
somehow learn a language
you have to learn it step by step
and just train yes and that is
just do not go from one day to the next
you can see all the lottery players
who somehow never money before
or very little, only then suddenly two
million or 3 million on the account
and just not at all
money has grown so much so
this responsibility comes with it
which you also have to grow into
a little yes and so it depends on the one hand
from what is already if you have many
problems has financial problems though
one owe many, etc
then you become theoretical or then
one usually holds the debt practically
even more if you do not have money
does he have that means someone over-indebted
is not going to owe all his
Immediately pay off with more money
at least not in most cases
is a part of it using the
pay off debts and the rest already
again spend this unnecessarily
means in my opinion is money makes
money neither happy nor unhappy
But money is completely neutral and
reinforces what is already there and it
depends also on which kind and
Of course, I earn the money
So do me what I'm doing and fun
I am
By doing that, of course , it makes me too
the money I get from it happy
yes if it is something where I somehow
the feeling I have is not really
behind it as not fun or it
is somehow ethically unreasonable
then it can be that money too
not necessarily happy yes that makes
In any case, my opinion was the
psychology of money you have to go into that
money into it, yes, and money
brings the character to the fore it
reinforces what is already there
What is your opinion makes money
happy or rather unhappy and how
you really need a lot of money
to be happy
I was then a poor staff
Coach happy too I knew that
I will earn more money someday
I just always have mine too
Talents focused on my work
and I was happy anyway
people then but what is theirs
Write down your opinion here
and then we'll see each other the next
subtract video in Iraq